pages/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Risor
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs';
import { Bleed } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

{
// wrapped with {} to mark it as javascript so mdx will not put it under a p tag
}
{<h1 className="text-center text-4xl tracking-tighter font-extrabold md:text-5xl mt-8">Risor</h1>}

A fast and flexible embedded scripting language for Go projects. Risor compiles scripts to bytecode internally which it then runs on a lightweight Virtual Machine (VM). Risor is written in pure Go.

Risor modules integrate the Go standard library, making it easy to write scripts using functions that you're already familiar with as a Go developer.

## Overview [#overview]

```go copy
array := ["gophers", "are", "burrowing", "rodents"]

sentence := array | strings.join(" ") | strings.to_upper

print(sentence)
```

Output:

```
GOPHERS ARE BURROWING RODENTS
```

## Why Choose Risor?

Risor may be a great fit for your project if any of this is valuable to you:

- General purpose: Work with JSON, HTTP, database connections, and more.
- Fast: The fastest pure-Go scripting language (as of June 2023)
- Familiar: Friendly syntax for Go and Python developers.
- Expressive: Easily express lists, maps, sets and transformations on them.
- Pipe expressions: Quickly create processing pipelines.
- Customizable: Add your own types and built-in functions.
- Single binary: The Risor binary includes built-in libraries and packages.

## Editor

_Coming soon. This will soon be an inline editor with the ability to run scripts in the browser._

import Editor from '../components/editor';

<Editor />

## Community [#community]

<p className='flex h-6 mt-4 gap-2'>
  <img alt='stars' src='https://img.shields.io/github/stars/risor-io/risor' />
  <img
    alt='license'
    src='https://img.shields.io/github/license/risor-io/risor'
  />
</p>

Feel free to join the [discussions on GitHub](https://github.com/risor-io/risor/discussions)!

Commit message:

Enable running code in editor

pages/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Risor
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs';
import { Bleed } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

{
// wrapped with {} to mark it as javascript so mdx will not put it under a p tag
}
{<h1 className="text-center text-4xl tracking-tighter font-extrabold md:text-5xl mt-8">Risor</h1>}

A fast and flexible embedded scripting language for Go projects. Risor compiles scripts to bytecode internally which it then runs on a lightweight Virtual Machine (VM). Risor is written in pure Go.

Risor modules integrate the Go standard library, making it easy to write scripts using functions that you're already familiar with as a Go developer.

## Overview [#overview]

```go copy
array := ["gophers", "are", "burrowing", "rodents"]

sentence := array | strings.join(" ") | strings.to_upper

print(sentence)
```

Output:

```filename="output"
GOPHERS ARE BURROWING RODENTS
```

## Why Choose Risor?

Risor may be a great fit for your project if any of this is valuable to you:

- General purpose: Work with JSON, HTTP, database connections, and more.
- Fast: The fastest pure-Go scripting language (as of June 2023)
- Familiar: Friendly syntax for Go and Python developers.
- Expressive: Easily express lists, maps, sets and transformations on them.
- Pipe expressions: Quickly create processing pipelines.
- Customizable: Add your own types and built-in functions.
- Single binary: The Risor binary includes built-in libraries and packages.

## Editor

Try running Risor from your browser! The code is evaluated in a cloud region _close to you_.
Note that the final value in the script is what is shown below. Any stdout from
the script is not yet shown.

import Editor from '../components/editor';

<Editor />

## Community [#community]

<p className='flex h-6 mt-4 gap-2'>
  <img alt='stars' src='https://img.shields.io/github/stars/risor-io/risor' />
  <img
    alt='license'
    src='https://img.shields.io/github/license/risor-io/risor'
  />
</p>

Feel free to join the [discussions on GitHub](https://github.com/risor-io/risor/discussions)!
